I'll see back in the team this week what
was that like here yeah it's great
every time you get it every time you get
a chance proms green jersey is pretty
special i'm swatching last week it
wasn't great so when you get when you
get the opportunity it's really really
enjoyable and I suppose the point was
made Wednesday was being left out last
week when you get a chance to make
another impression you're gonna have to
I know I'm gonna have to do a lot better
and really take it was of all times it
was a pretty underwhelming performance
last week against the Wallabies how
you've seen improvements on the pitch
this week on the training pitch yeah we
shall have it I used to think you know
not being not being involved on the
pitch you know it's not really my place
to comment on a other performance it
wasn't I was involved with but all I can
talk about is from you know Monday
evening arm when we came and a great
meeting Monday evening and that kind of
set the tone for the week and that's
definitely followed through everybody's
I suppose putting that there
what they've been saying into actions
and that's looking for and you know has
there been extra agents there you know
because you need that against the All
Blacks yeah I think so
like has definitely been you know a few
choice words between lies and maybe a
shoulder going in that's probably what
wasn't there the last week or two so
yeah definitely the kind of the kind of
anticipation is there and they're kind
of like saying that little bit a just
definitely there against the old bucks a
number of occasions and you know the
required toughness level needs to be
there you know to try and put it up to
the old box is that there amongst this
group of theirs yeah I think it is it's
not so much the confidence level against
these guys it's the accuracy and the you
know I've been involved and played in a
good number test against the All Blacks
and you know we've been accurate for 80
80 to 83 percent of the game we knock
off for one minute and you know they
knock over a drop goal or we give away a
penalty and something like that I think
that accuracy has to run right away
through the game I think if we can if we
can do that I think we know we can we
know we can get ourselves into a winning
position I think it's having that
leaf and thus accuracy and as was the
execution under extreme pressure that we
can I suppose play area with